So let's talk about
this new-- you do--
it turns out you had a number
for her referral for fitness,
and now you're working
together on this new--
this gym-- what is
this-- first of all,
I saw pictures of the
two of you working out,
which looked really intense.
And explain what's
happening here, because it's
like really super hot, right?
It is hot.
Like how hot?
It kind of gets up
to as hot as 110.
From 80 degrees to 110.
And I call it kind of a hybrid
between Barry's Boot Camp
and hot yoga.
Yeah, it looks like
yoga right there.
And you can burn
up to 800 calories.
And I just love it.
It's fun, it's great music,
has a great boot camp feel.
You can burn up to 800 calories?
Yeah.
Maybe you can.
Depending on how hard you push.
Yeah.
But, I mean, the minute you
get in there, you are drenched.
And you have that
dance, there's--
You have that.
There's my man, Lane.
So you're all doing the same
class, and you are sweating,
and so anyone can do it, it's
not like an advanced thing?
Nope, not at all.
I mean, you have 65
different classes per day.
We started in Vegas
with three units,
and now we have
over 160 commitments
all over the US and China.
And this is the future.
I mean, I don't like
one trick ponies,
I get bored with the
same workout every day.
So the fact that I can go in and
do yoga one day, Pilates, spin,
boot camp, I love it.
Yeah, me, too.
Plus your body gets
used to something
and it stops working
after it kind of like,
oh, I see what
you're doing today.
And you-- if you do the
same thing every single day,
it stops working.
Also, the heat is so addicting.
It makes you sweat.
I'm not a sweater, so the
minute I get in there,
first five minutes, I'm drenched
and I just-- at least mentally,
I feel like I am
getting some work done.
Yeah.
Well, it also releases all
the toxins that's inside.
That's fantastic.
And it's called TruFusion?
TruFusion, yeah.
And it's gyms all
over the place.
All over the US and now
China and London's next.
Wow.
Yeah.
Congratulations,
that's fantastic.
Thank you.
We're having fun.
That's great.
[AUDIENCE CLAPS]
All right.
So one last thing before you go.
So I went to go see
Jennifer's show in Las Vegas,
and I was hanging out with
her in the dressing room
and talking.
And I wanted to FaceTime
you, and I made her call you.
Did you ignore me on purpose?
Oh, no, I didn't realize that.
Yeah.
That was us trying to call
you and you wouldn't pick up.
I must have been with
the girls or at the gym.
Really?
Yeah.
That's the only reason?
Because you would
have picked up for me?
Oh, yeah.
Like if she calls
me and I don't pick
up, oh, forget it, forget it.
You're in trouble?
I've been in like board
meetings and she--
time out, board.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, you got
to answer her call.
All right.
So if we FaceTime her
right now, because I think
you should FaceTime her and see.
[AUDIENCE CHEERS]
This is a lot of pressure.
All right.
Let's see.
You have her number?
Yes.
But I don't have my phone.
All right.
Let's see here.
Let's see if she picks up.
She's so busy.
Yeah.
She really is.
And she has a show
tomorrow in Vegas.
Her show is great, by the way.
If y'all haven't seen her show.
Whoa.
Hey, baby.
She picked up.
Hi, baby.
Hi.
[AUDIENCE CHEERS]
How are you, baby?
There is a lot of pressure.
I'm glad you picked up.
Hi, Ellen.
Hi, Jen, how are you?
I'm great.
How are you?
I'm good.
Hey, you know, he just told
a totally different story.
He said that you went up
to him, and not the way
you told it when you were here.
You said he came up to you,
but he said you went up to him.
No, he-- I went up to him,
tapped him on the shoulder.
Oh, is that what you said?
I think you're
changing your story.
I'm not sure.
We'll-- we'll look at the tape.
We'll see.
You'll see I said
I went up to him
and tapped him on the shoulder.
He turned around and
he didn't recognize me.
All right.
We'll look at the
tape, but I don't know.
So, by the way, I
just told the audience
if they haven't seen
you, your show is-- well,
I had so much fun at
your show in Vegas.
So you must go see her
because she's incredible.
She's really amazing.
What's that, baby?
It's my last year.
Only like 30 something
shows left, really.
Has last-- is the last
year, 30 something
shows left so get your tickets.
Wow.
30 shows and she does
that in two weeks.
So--
Shameless plug.
Yeah.
That's all right.
You deserve it.
All right.
Well, thank you for picking
up and I'll see you soon.
I always pick up--
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
--when he calls.
You always pick up for who?
For you.
And the kids.
What about for me?
Ellen, occasionally.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
Ellen, your party was so good.
I'm still recovering.
Yeah.
I know, it was a fun--
And I heard you were
really good at her party,
at her birthday party.
I danced a little bit.
Yeah.
You got everybody out there.
All right.
I love you, Jen.
Good seeing you.
I love you.
We'll see you soon.
Bye, guys.
[AUDIENCE CLAPS]
You, two-- and I
told her that, too,
when I-- when I saw
you all at the telethon
to raise money for Puerto Rico.
Y'all are just
the cutest couple.
You're just-- I love
you, both individually, I
love you together.
I'm so glad you found each
other, because you're perfect
together.
So I'm happy for you.
And he's such a great guy.
He actually brought something
for the whole audience.
Everyone is going home
with a two year membership
to TruFusion.
So you're all--
[AUDIENCE CHEERS]
Hi, I'm Andy.
Ellen asked me to remind you
to subscribe to her channel
so you can see more
awesome videos, like videos
of me getting scared, or
saying embarrassing things,
like ball peen hammer.
And also some videos of
Ellen and other celebrities,
if you're into
that sort of thing.
[YELLS]
[BLEEP]
God [BLEEP]!